---
title: Choir
permalink: /co-curriculum/Co-Curricular-Activities/choir/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Co Curricular Activities (CCA)
variant: tiptap
---
<p>The Choir has become a tradition in our performing arts. The boys and girls harmonize and blend - sopranos and altos. Merging, contrasting, lilting in happiness, quivering in sadness - tones, and notes, quavers and minims - the music soars and impresses. From the Primary One Orientation Programme to the Primary Six Graduation Ceremony - our Choir has always been present to entertain the audience with melodious music.&nbsp;</p><p>Ai Tong School choir is formed with the aim of cultivating a love for music and an appreciation for the art of singing in the members. Vocal production techniques, basic sight-singing, listening and aural skills are some of the skills imparted to equip our young singers to perform well.</p><p>The Choir is made up of Primary 3 to 6 members. High level of commitment and teamwork is demanded of the members who meet weekly to practise and improve their skills in singing songs of various genres.</p><p>Besides taking part in the biennial Singapore Youth Festival and Central Judging (Choir), the choir also performs for the Prize Giving Ceremony, Teachers’ Day Concert, Children’s Day Concert and other ad-hoc concerts.&nbsp;</p><p>Under the baton of the instructress Ms Joyce Lim, the choir clinched the Certificate of Accomplishment for the 2018 Singapore Youth Festival and Central Judging (Choir), performed at Chijmes in March 2019 and had a choir exchange at Fairfield Methodist School in Nov 2019.&nbsp;</p><p>Sing on, sing on! We’ve got rhythm!</p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Day</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Time</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Teachers-in-charge</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Venue</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" colspan="1"><p>Tuesday<br>P3 to P6<br><br>Thursday<br>P3 &amp; P4</p></td><td rowspan="3" colspan="1"><p>2.15pm to 4pm</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>*Mdm Wendy Chua</p></td><td rowspan="3" colspan="1"><p>Performing Arts Studio</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>*Mdm Josephine Ching</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mdm Jeslyn Yeo</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>*Teacher-in-Charge</p>