---
title: Dance Club
permalink: /co-curriculum/Co-Curricular-Activities/dance-club/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Co Curricular Activities (CCA)
variant: tiptap
---
<p><strong><u>Chinese Dance</u></strong></p><p>Since the 1950s, Chinese Dance has been a mainstay of the performing arts at Ai Tong. It not only passes on dance skills but reinforces Chinese culture as well. &nbsp;In addition, students get to appreciate dance as a performing art and develop greater self-discipline and perseverance. Other than Chinese Dance, we also expose our students to International dance with contemporary&nbsp;element where they develop rhythm and grace.</p><p>Members will get to take part in the Singapore Youth Festival (SYF). They will also be given opportunities to put up performances for their fellow schoolmates during assembly.</p><p><strong><u>International Dance</u></strong></p><p>Our International Dance troupe is gaining prominence in our performing arts. Our girls once again bagged a Gold award in 2012. In their performance, "Silky Radiance", the girls are "silkworms" wearing silvery costumes.</p><p>&nbsp;The dance of metamorphosis depicts a transformation from pupae into beautiful butterflies. The gracefulness and delicacy of the butterfly is transmitted by our students' youthful gentleness in the dance. Flutter away, little butterflies!</p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Day</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Time</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Teachers-in-charge</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Venue</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="3" colspan="1"><p>Tuesday<br>P3 to P6<br><br>Thursday<br>P3 to P6</p></td><td rowspan="3" colspan="1"><p>2.15pm to 4pm</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>*Mdm Cheok Li Yee</p></td><td rowspan="3" colspan="1"><p>Dance Room<br>/ Performing Arts Studio</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>*Mdm Lim Li Joon</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mdm Felice Tang</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>*Teacher-in-Charge</p>